Neal Hardesty
84 ½ West Laurel Ave
Sierra Madre, CA. 91024
(213) 725-4704
nealhardesty@yahoo.com


Dear Ballantyne Recruiting:

I am sending this to inquire about a software development and engineering position within your company.  Specifically, I am writing to inquire about your position listed at dice.com as C#.NET Developer, located in Pasadena California.

I offer more than 9 years professional experience developing enterprise class software, including over 7 years developing for Microsoft platforms and 4 years with Microsoft’s .NET platform.  My resume is enclosed for your review.

Most recently at The Los Angeles Times, I served as a lead software engineer for a large communications company.  Our team specialized providing highly available line of business web applications for the Operations and Circulation departments.  Briefly, some of my accomplishments include:

* Worked as a lead on a team developing the operations department’s reporting, ordering and control applications.
* Developed solutions that were quickly responsive to our internal customers’ needs and requests.
* Developed the systems and software infrastructure for high availability on a Microsoft .NET platform.
* Designed, implemented and administered the SQL Server and Oracle database infrastructure to support our applications and data warehouse.
* Developed team standards and trained team members on technology, practices and procedures.

My technical experience, leadership capabilities and customer acumen have led to many successful development projects.  My enclosed resume outlines my credentials, skills and accomplishments in greater detail.

While I am interested in the position stated above, I am open for discussion as to any opportunity that I may best fit.  I am willing to travel as necessary.

I can be reached at my email address, nealhardesty@yahoo.com, or on my cell phone at 
(213) 725-4704.

I hope that we can set up a meeting soon to discuss any possibilities.

Professional references and salary history are available upon request.

Sincerely;
Neal L. Hardesty

